README.md, before:

# Oel (port from Commodore64)

More info: [here](http://szymonsiarkiewicz.pl/artykuly/relog/relog-oel-pompowacze-port-z-c64-czesc-1/)

Original source code is available locally in project [here](LISTING.md)


## Running project

### Building from source code

#### Requirements

1. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
2. [GCC](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
3. [SFML(2.4.2)](http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml/2.4.2/)


#### Building

1. Check requirements
2. `cd` into main project directory
3. Enter command: `make` to start building
4. Run binary from *bin/* folder!


### Install

Latest binaries:

1. *Linux* (coming soon)
2. *Windows* (comming soon)


## About

Port of *Oel* game from Commodore64 (BASIC) to modern processors (C++ & SFML)


### Usefull links

1. [BASIC Commands](https://www.c64-wiki.com/wiki/Category:BASIC-Command)
2. [Commodore Memory Map](http://sta.c64.org/cbm64mem.html)
2. [C64 emulator](vice-emu.sourceforge.net) *(needed only for testing original ROM)*


## License

Project is under [BSD-3](LICENSE.md) License

Commit message:

Update README & Add research files

README.md, after:

# Oel (port from Commodore64)

More info: [here](http://szymonsiarkiewicz.pl/artykuly/relog/relog-oel-pompowacze-port-z-c64-czesc-1/)

Original source code is available locally in project [here](LISTING.md)


## Running project

### Building from source code

#### Requirements

1. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
2. [GCC](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
3. [SFML(2.4.2)](http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml/2.4.2/)


#### Building

1. Check requirements
2. `cd` into main project directory
3. Enter command: `make` to start building
4. Run binary from *bin/* folder!


### Install

Latest binaries:

1. *Linux* (coming soon)
2. *Windows* (comming soon)


## About

Port of *Oel* game from Commodore64 (BASIC) to modern processors (C++ & SFML).

### Files

Project is separated into folders:

```
├── notes
├── obj
└── src
```

Interesting for you may be probably:

1. [notes](notes/) - containing files with my personal research (i.e. more priendy pseudo-basic code, similar to C code, etc.)
2. [src](src/) - containing translated game code into C++

### Useful links

Why so many links? Because Commodore & BASIC is bad docummented, every page contains different piece of 'good to know' information.

1. [BASIC Commands](https://www.c64-wiki.com/wiki/Category:BASIC-Command)
2. [Commodore Memory Map](http://sta.c64.org/cbm64mem.html)
2. [C64 emulator](vice-emu.sourceforge.net) *(needed only for testing original ROM)*
2. [Wikipedia Keywords](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC#Typical_BASIC_keywords)
3. [Commodore Manual](http://www.commodore.ca/manuals/pdfs/Commodore_Basic_4_Users_Reference%20Manual.pdf)
4. [BASIC Ref Manual](http://bitsavers.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de/pdf/phaseOneSystems/oasis/BASIC_Language_Reference_Manual_Mar80.pdf)


## License

Project is under [BSD-3](LICENSE.md) License
